audio-technica ath cks 90 we will introduce the
This acks 90 is a solid bass series by Ogura Technica.
Say
It is a model that corresponds to the top model of the model that regulars often appear
The characteristics of this city ​​are still very low
The so- called wood chamber mechanism is adopted to deliver this offer .
Body
The driver is in the part from the earpiece to the tip, and it is the part behind this
Two air rooms are set up here at Mark Tech 's minutes for Audio Technica
Due to the influence of air quality called this chamber, the diaphragm can move very freely.
Than there
Komiya who is bought me very regularly
Also this earpiece
There is a 2 position post that moves the position of this earpiece back and forth
Is possible
If you want to give up to the depths of the sea
Build a better service
If you do not want to insert the earphones as far as you like, you can use the earpieces
Obtained if the person that fits in really myself and do
I am a sister
Though it is this cucks 90 after all the periodical comes out very much
There are a lot of things that are very easy to attach to the 8 low- pitched sounds often
This cucks 90 has left a solid cut without feeling so much that Bohr
Become an earphone
In addition , it is a type that becomes tight because there is no high frequency at all or
There is a sharp is regular and wide area really impressive only earphones
This estimate s 90 is a noise cancellation 6 model or
Beyond marked with models such as the wide range of lineup we are aligned because of your stride
Choose the one that suits your application
This cks 90 audition machine is also in Osaka Nihonbashi Honten Akihabara store so watch it by all means
Please try